Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1681)
cilium/hubble: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Hubble

`hubble` is an open source project licensed under [Apache-2.0](LICENSE). Everybody is welcome to contribute. Contributors are required to follow the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

## Getting Started

- Read the [README](https://github.com/cilium/hubble/blob/main/README.md) to understand how `hubble` works and its use cases.
- Check out the [issues list](https://github.com/cilium/hubble/issues) for open tasks, especially those labeled `good first issue`.

## Contribution workflow

Hubble uses GitHub for collaborative development. Note that this repository only hosts release artifacts for Hubble CLI. The actual code for Hubble CLI

> is in [Cilium GitHub repository] under [`hubble/` directory](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/main/hubble). Please use GitHub issues to discuss proposals and use pull requests to suggest changes in [Cilium GitHub repository].

Reviewer: I think the link to the Cilium GitHub repository is now broken.

> Hubble uses GitHub for collaborative development. Note that this repository only hosts release artifacts for Hubble CLI. The actual code for Hubble CLI
> is in [Cilium GitHub repository] under [`hubble/` directory](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/main/hubble). Please use GitHub issues to discuss proposals and use pull requests to suggest changes in [Cilium GitHub repository].

Reviewer 2: The entirety of the Hubble code now lives in the Cilium tree (except for Hubble UI), it's not just the CLI (this repo used to host the entirety of the Hubble code before it was gradually migrated over to Cilium). What about the following change?

```suggestion
Hubble uses GitHub for collaborative development. Note that this repository only hosts release artifacts for the Hubble CLI. The actual code for Hubble (CLI, server, Relay, metrics) is in the [Cilium GitHub repository] under [`hubble/`](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/main/hubble), [`hubble-relay/`](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/main/hubble-relay) and [`pkg/hubble/`](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/main/pkg/hubble) directories. Please use GitHub issues to discuss proposals and use pull requests to suggest changes in [Cilium GitHub repository].
```
